Multiplicative-Additive System Virtual (MAV) is a logic that extends
Multiplicative-Additive Linear Logic with a self-dual non-commutative
operator expressing the concept of "before" or "sequencing". MAV is
also an extenson of the the logic Basic System Virtual (BV) with
additives. Formulas in BV have an appealing reading as processes with
parallel and sequential composition. MAV adds internal and external
choice operators. BV and MAV are also closely related to Concurrent
sKleene Algebras.

Proof systems for MAV and BV are Deep Inference systems, which allow
inference rules to be applied anywhere inside a structure.  As with
any proof system, a key question is whether proofs in MAV can be
reduced to a normal form, removing detours and the introduction of
structures not present in the original goal. In Sequent Calcluli
systems, this property is referred to as Cut Elimination. Deep
Inference systems have an analogous Cut rule and other rules that are
not present in normalised proofs. Cut Elimination for Deep Inference
systems has the same metatheoretic benefits as for Sequent Calculi
systems, including consistency and decidability.

Proofs of Cut Elimination for BV, MAV, and other Deep Inference
systems present in the literature have relied on intrincate syntactic
reasoning and complex termination measures.

We present a concise semantic proof that all MAV proofs can be reduced
to a normal form avoiding the Cut rule and other "non analytic"
rules. We also develop soundness and completeness proofs of MAV (and
BV) with respect to a class of models. We have mechanised all our
proofs in the Agda proof assistant, which provides both assurance of
their correctness as well as yielding an executable normalisation
procedure.
